Add call out for noctua github installation (#49)
ccao-data/wiki: How-To/Connect-to-AWS-Resources.md

      "SELECT year, geoid FROM census.acs5 LIMIT 10"
    )
    ```

> In the case that the connection to Athena is successful but your test query returns zero rows, you may need to install the development version of `noctua`:

Reviewer: **nitpick:** Leave spaces after code fences + some writing cleanup:

```suggestion
If the connection to Athena is successful but [your test query returns zero rows](https://github.com/DyfanJones/noctua/pull/215), you may need to install the development version of `noctua`:
```

> ```

Reviewer: **suggestion:** Always add a code type to the fence if there is one:

```suggestion
```r
```

> remotes::install_github("dyfanjones/noctua")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
remotes::install_github("dyfanjones/noctua")

# Or via renv:
renv::install("dyfanjones/noctua")
```
